338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_livesync-terminal.md

</Tab>
</Tabs>

> ## Migrate the table schema to the Tiger Cloud service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migrate the table schema to the $SERVICE_LONG
```

</Procedure>

> ## Synchronize data to your Tiger Cloud service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Synchronize data to your $SERVICE_LONG
```
